Technical Design Document
---
Name: Tyler Hamilton
Date Created: 10-17-2024
---
Program Description:
This program takes phone numbers, social security numbers, and zip code 
and ensures they are of the correct format.
---
Logical Steps:
1. The user inputs a phone number.
2. The user inputs a social security number.
3. The user inputs a zip code.
4. The phone number, social security number, and zip code are checked
for validity using the three validation functions using hard-coded
regular expressions to determine expected format.
5. Any validated numbers are printed listed as validated inputs, if none 
are valid, the program explains that none of the entered values are valid.
---
Variables:
1. phone_number: A variable used to hold the phone number input by the 
user.
2. social_number: A variable used to hold the social security number 
input by the user.
3. zip_code: A variable used to hold the zip code input by the user.
4. phone_val: A variable used to hold either the True or False value 
returned by phone_validation
5. social_val: A variable used to hold either the True or False value 
returned by social_validation
6. zip_val:A variable used to hold either the True or False value 
returned by zip_validation
---
Functions:
1. Function Name: phone_validation
Description: This function validates phone numbers split by dashes
and phone numbers all as one string of digits.
Parameters: phone_number (str): A string of digits representing a phone 
number to be validated is expected.
Returns: This function either returns True if the given string matches 
the expected format(s) and False if it does not match.

2. Function Name: social_validation
Description: This function validates social security numbers split by 
dashes and soial security numbers all as one string of digits.
Parameters: social_number (str): A string of digits representing a social
security number to be validated is expected.
Returns: This function either returns True if the given string matches 
the expected format(s) and False if it does not match.

3. Function Name: zip_validation
Description: This function validates zip codes split by dashes and zip 
codes all as one string of digits.
Parameters: zip_code (str): A string of digits representing a zip code 
to be validated is expected.
Returns: This function either returns True if the given string matches 
the expected format(s) and False if it does not match.

4. Function Name: main
Description: This function collects user input and runs it through its 
respective validation function.
Parameters: None
Returns: This function does not have a return statement, rather it prints
necessary information to the user in the console.
---
Link to repository: https://github.com/thamil20/COP2373